Formatting and citation fixes of Abstract, Introduction, and Use Cases (#166)
SORTEE-Github-Hackathon/manuscript: content/01.abstract.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before}

Researchers in ecology and evolutionary biology are increasingly dependent on computational code to conduct scientific research.

> With the growing role of data science in ecology and evolutionary biology, the use of efficient methods to collaborate, share, and reproduce code has become fundamental. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the growing role of data science in ecology and evolutionary biology (EEB), the use of efficient methods to collaborate, share, and reproduce code has become fundamental. 
```

GitHub is an online, cloud-based service that can help researchers to track, organize, discuss, share, and collaborate on software and code.

> Despite these benefits, GitHub's adoption is not widespread due to the lack of domain-specific information and guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite these benefits, the use of GitHub by EEB researchers is not widespread due to the lack of domain-specific information and guidelines.
```
